c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\LunchOrder.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\LunchOrder.pdb
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\obj\Debug\LunchOrder.dll
c:\users\qaz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\obj\Debug\LunchOrder.pdb
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\qaz\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LunchOrder\LunchOrder\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
